Add note for HiddenField behavior (#9055)
encode/django-rest-framework: docs/api-guide/fields.md

For further examples on `HiddenField` see the [validators](validators.md) documentation.

---

> **Note:** `HiddenField()` does not appear in `partial=True` serializer (when making `PATCH` request). This behaviour might be changed, follow updates on [github discussion](https://github.com/encode/django-rest-framework/discussions/8259). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** `HiddenField()` does not appear in `partial=True` serializer (when making `PATCH` request). This behavior might change in future, follow updates on [github discussion](https://github.com/encode/django-rest-framework/discussions/8259). 
```
